Fix bug in test method in connection (#845)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: rest/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.0.1 - Fix issue where test fail when `base_url` have path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.1 - Fix issue where the connection test fails when a base URL is provided with a web resource path
```

> * 4.0.1 - Fix issue where the connection test fails when a base URL is provided with a web resource path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.1 - Fix issue where the connection test fails when a base URL is provided with a web resource path for the Rapid7 Insight and Pendo auth types
```
